_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

updating personal description and publications

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='https://sci.utah.edu'>Scientific Computing and Imaging Institute, University of Utah</a>.

profile:
  align: right
  image: IMG_2342.png
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>Warnock Engineering Building 4760</p>
    <p>72 S Central Campus Dr. </p>
    <p>Salt Lake City, UT 84112</p>

news: true # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

I am Mingzhe Li, a fifth-year Ph.D. student in Computing at the Scientific Computing and Imaging Institute (SCI), University of Utah. My Ph.D. advisor is Dr. Bei Wang Phillips. My current research interests include topological data analysis, scientific visualization, and machine learning. 

Before my Ph.D. program, I received my M.S. degree from the University of Southern California and B.Eng degree from Zhejiang University, both in Computer Science.
